Ambidexterity: you can use either hand equally well.  Great for those times when you’re wounded in an arm….
Attractive: you’re good looking – either handsome, beautiful, pretty, or whatever you wish. (Warning: the more attractive you are, the more power you have over susceptible people, true, but the more likely you are to be abducted, etc.)
Beautiful speaking voice: +1 to NPC reactions.  Also works for a singing voice if you take a Musical skill.
Charisma: people tend to like you, believe you, and are willing to follow your lead.
Common Sense: when you are about to do something incredibly stupid that will harm yourself or the party, the GM will warn you.
Contacts *: you know some influential or knowledgeable people who can supply you with information.
Danger Sense: the GM will make a Situational roll – on a Good or better result, you’ll be warned of some imminent danger.
Divine Favor: the ability to cast Clerical Magic – see Clerical Magic, below.
Empathy with Animals: animals trust you and domesticated ones tend to obey you. Cruelty to animals nullifies this Gift.
Empathy with Sentient Beings: see Innate Magical Ability: Second Sight, below.
Familiar: only available to characters with the Magical Talent Gift. You have a magical familiar, which may talk, aid you in spell-casting and other tasks. This is an NPC played by the GM.
Favors due *: some people owe you favors, which you may collect. Each favor you collect must be approved by the GM.
Focused: you are at +1 to any lengthy task, but don’t notice things outside this task, such as that brigand about to skewer you….
Good Memory: you have an unusually good memory.  The player may take notes during the game and act as if the character remembered them.
Good Reputation *: you’re well known as a hero, healer, leader, fighter for justice, etc.
High Status: you are of the gentry or religious class – or nobility if you take this Gift twice.
Intuition: you have a feeling about what option to take when confronted with a choice.  The GM will make a Situational roll in secret.
Lucky: once per hour (real time), you may reroll a bad dice roll, and choose the better of the two rolls.
Magic Resistance: you are resistant to direct magic: +3 to Willpower in any Opposed rolls versus magic.
Magical Talent (specify type): the ability to perform magical feats. There are three different types of Magical Talent: Innate Magic, Hedge Magic, and Scholarly Magic. You may take multiple levels of the same type of Magic Talent.  See Magic, below, for details.
Never forgets a ____: fill in the blank with name, face, or whatever the GM will allow.
Never Gets Lost: you always know which way is North, and can retrace your route with a little effort.
Night Vision: you see well in dim light, but not in absolute darkness, of course.
Pain Tolerance: ignore wound penalties at Hurt, and you are only at –1 at Very Hurt.
Patron *: someone in power likes you. This can be simply a letter of recommendation, or it can be a favor granted.
Perfect Timing: if someone says to open the gate in five minutes, you’ll do it within two seconds of that time. Also valuable in performing.
Peripheral Vision: you can see further to the sides than most people – less easily attacked from the side or rear.
Quick Reflexes: not easily surprised by any physical attack, and you adjust quickly to shifting footing.
Rank *: you have the right to command others in an organized body of soldiers or police.
Rapid Healing: you heal twice as fast from wounds – but not magically fast.
Resistant to Poison: poison has only half effect on you. 
Tough Hide: subtract 1 from each amount of damage you take. 
Veteran: you’re experienced – add one level to each of three skills that are currently at Fair or Mediocre.
Wealthy: you start with more money than the average starting character. This can be in cash and/or equipment.
