Absent-Minded: your attention tends to wander if bored.
Annoying Voice: you sound terrible.
Appearance: your appearance is off-putting in some way, whether ugly or unkempt.
Bad Back: you are limited in what you can lift.
Bad Eyesight: you don’t see very well – pick one: poor distance or up-close vision.
Blunt and Tactless: you have no social skills in dealing with sensitive people.
Code of Honor: your actions are constrained by your personal behavior code.
Color Blindness: you confuse lots of colors.
Combat Paralysis: you need a Good or better Health roll in order to act in a dangerous situation. 
Compulsive Carousing: you are at –3 Willpower to resist a good time.
Compulsive Gambling: your are at –3 Willpower to resist a gambling game.
Compulsive Generosity: you are at –3 Willpower to resist giving things away to those perceived to be needier than you.
Compulsive Lying: you are at –3 Willpower to avoid lying just for fun.
Coward: you take very good care of yourself.
Curious: you are at –3 Willpower to resist exploring something new or unusual.
Delusions: the world doesn’t work the way you think it does, in some important way.
Dependent: you’re responsible for someone unable to care for themselves adequately.
Duty: you must perform active duty a certain amount of time.
Dwarfism: you are very short for your race.
Easily Distractible: did you say something?
Easy to Read: you give away your thoughts and feelings to any who care to observe you.
Enemy: there is someone who wants to kill, imprison, or otherwise trouble you.
Fanatic Patriot: your country, right or wrong.
Frightens Animals: you have an aura that animals find terrifying.
Garrulous: you won’t shut up.
Getting old: and all that implies.
Glutton: you’re hungry.
Goes Berserk if Wounded: you’re a danger to your friends, even.
Greedy: you want more.
Grouchy: you’re usually irritated and try to spread the mood.
Gullible: -3 to Reasoning to believe an unknown “fact.”
Hard of Hearing: what?
Honesty: you hate to break a law. See Truthfulness for not liking to lie.
Humanitarian: you help the needy for no pay.
Idealist: you’re not grounded in reality.
Impulsive: you act before thinking.
Intolerant: you hate a certain type of person.
Jealous of Anyone Getting More Attention: you have to be the star.
Lame: you limp, which can affect speed and agility.
Lazy: you work hard at avoiding work.
Lechery: you’re overly fond of the appropriate sex.
Loyal to Companions: you won’t abandon, cheat, hide treasure from, etc., the party members. This one may be mandatory.
Magic Susceptibility: you are at –3 Willpower to oppose hostile magic.
Melancholy: life is so sad. 
Miserliness: you hate to let it go.
Mute: you can’t speak.
Night Blindness: you see poorly in dim light.
Nosy: your neighbor’s business is yours.
Obese: you waddle.
Obsession: you must do it, or have it, or whatever.
Offensive Habits: too many to list.  Some of the other Faults listed actually fall under this category, such as Nosy, Grouchy, Garrulous, etc.
Offensive Odor: you stink.
One Eye: you lack depth vision and can be blindsided.
One Hand: it works overtime.
Outlaw: you’re wanted by the law.
Overconfident: you know you can’t fail.
Owe favors: you owe someone favors, and they’ll ask you for them sometime.
Pain Intolerant: you’re at –1 if Scratched, -2 if Hurt, and –3 if Very Hurt.
Phobias: lots of these – you’re at –3 Willpower to avoid acting out of control in certain situations: snakes, darkness, heights, cats, falling, crowds, spiders, open or closed spaces, magic, loud noises, etc. 
Poor: you start with less equipment and cash, and if you don’t buy off this Fault, will always lose any you gain.
Practical Joker: you can’t resist.  Somebody’s gonna hurt you someday.
Primitive: you’re from a pre-metal-working society.
Proud: many things are beneath your dignity.
Quick to take offense: you’re thin-skinned.
Quick-Tempered: you blow up when crossed.
Quixotic: you vigorously champion lost causes.
Reckless Bravery: you take no thought for your safety in dangerous situations.
Reputation: you’re well known as some sort of louse.
Secret: if it’s revealed, you’ll be embarrassed, arrested, or worse – maybe that warrant out for your arrest, or your second spouse?
Self-defense Pacifist: you’ll fight, but you’ll never start a fight – no preemptive strikes.
Shyness: you never want to talk to strangers.
Social Stigma: you’re obviously from some low-caste group.
Stubborn: you don’t easily admit you’re wrong.  Has nothing to do with Willpower.
Susceptibility to Poison: you’re at –3 to Health in Opposed rolls for poison.
Trickster: you regularly have to take a risk to thwart some villain, even if just a petty one.
Truthfulness: you can’t tell a believable lie.
Unlucky: if something bad happens to someone in the party, it’s you.
Vain: you’re the best-looking and/or finest person in the world. Aren’t your companions lucky?
Vow: you’re committed to some action.
Worry Wart: you wring your hands a lot.
Xenophobia: you dislike and fear people different from the folks you grew up with.
Youth: you’re so young no one takes you seriously. Also, lose one level each from three skills – you just haven’t had time to develop everything that well yet.
